Add recommendations for tooling and systems in multiple sections, add a new reliability section . (#541)
microsoft/code-with-engineering-playbook: observability/readme.md

2. [Tracing](pillars/tracing.md)
3. [Metrics](pillars/metrics.md)

> By following the sidecar pattern, made popular by service meshes, you can quickly and easily deploy a microservice architecture with the following pillars of observability built into your system for free. Check out the [Service Mesh](tools/readme.md#service-mesh) section for more info.

Reviewer: Great addition at this point

	* Additionally, failures in **dependent services** should be propoagated up each level of the stack by the healthcheck.
1. **Faults, crashes, and failures** are logged as discrete events. This helps engineers identify problem area(s) during failures.
1. Ensure logging configuration (eg: setting logging to "verbose") can be controlled without code changes.
1. Ensure that **metrics** around latency and duration are collected and can be aggregated.
7. Start small and add where there is customer impact. [Avoiding metric fatigue](pitfalls.md#metric-fatigue) is very crucial to collecting actionable data.
1. It is important that every data that is collected contains relevant and rich context.
1. Personally Identifiable Information or any other customer sensitive information should never be logged. Special attention should be paid to any local privacy data regulations and collected data must adhere to those. (ex: GPDR)

Read more [here](pitfalls.md) to understand what to watch out for while designing and building an observable system.

## Recipes

> ### Service Mesh

Reviewer 2: Service Meshes are very narrowed in scope and demand a level of expertise and overhead that typically overwhelms users.  Consider removing this section and service meshes as potential telemetry solutions.

Author: this comment is on an old version, it's since been updated. 

However, I'll disagree that service meshes both in that they demand a high level of expertise. I think their is a misconception here in that they are this complicated thing when in reality they are fairly trivial to deploy and offer a lot of wins. I'd be curious on what you mean by narrow in scope as well.

Anyways, going to resolve this, feel free to add another comment on the more current version :)

> Leveraging a Service Mesh that follows the [Sidecar Pattern](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/designing-distributed-systems/9781491983638/ch02.html#:~:text=The%20sidecar%20pattern%20is%20a,first%20is%20the%20application%20container.&text=In%20addition%20to%20the%20application,without%20the%20application%20container's%20knowledge.) quickly sets up a go to set of metrics, and traces (although traces need to be propagated from incoming requests to outgoing requests manually).

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/microsoft/code-with-engineering-playbook/pull/541/commits/b1d339ea86ed4b08ad464c2455ce0e2682e5b4f1#r586146579

Author: Not sure what the intent of this comment is. Going to resolve, but feel free to reopen

    - Additionally, failures in **dependent services** should be propoagated up each level of the stack by the healthcheck.

1. **Faults, crashes, and failures** are logged as discrete events. This helps engineers identify problem area(s) during failures.
1. Ensure logging configuration (eg: setting logging to "verbose") can be controlled without code changes.
1. Ensure that **metrics** around latency and duration are collected and can be aggregated.
1. Start small and add where there is customer impact. [Avoiding metric fatigue](pitfalls.md#metric-fatigue) is very crucial to collecting actionable data.
1. It is important that every data that is collected contains relevant and rich context.
1. Personally Identifiable Information or any other customer sensitive information should never be logged. Special attention should be paid to any local privacy data regulations and collected data must adhere to those. (ex: GPDR)

Read more [here](pitfalls.md) to understand what to watch out for while designing and building an observable system.

## Recipes

> ### Service Mesh

Reviewer: This is a helpful content. My suggestion will be to add this content to tools.md page by updating the title to "Tools and Patterns", as I think it fits better as a separate section

Author: done! also added a note to the pillars of observability section, pointing the the new section in tools.md

> Leveraging a Service Mesh that follows the [Sidecar Pattern](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/designing-distributed-systems/9781491983638/ch02.html#:~:text=The%20sidecar%20pattern%20is%20a,first%20is%20the%20application%20container.&text=In%20addition%20to%20the%20application,without%20the%20application%20container's%20knowledge.) quickly sets up a go to set of metrics, and traces (although traces need to be propagated from incoming requests to outgoing requests manually).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Leveraging a Service Mesh that follows the [Sidecar Pattern](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/designing-distributed-systems/9781491983638/ch02.html#:~:text=The%20sidecar%20pattern%20is%20a,first%20is%20the%20application%20container.&text=In%20addition%20to%20the%20application,without%20the%20application%20container's%20knowledge.) quickly sets up a go-to set of metrics, and traces (although traces need to be propagated from incoming requests to outgoing requests manually).
```

## Recommended Practices

1. **Correlation Id**: Include unique identifier at the start of the interaction to tie down aggregated data from various system components and provide a holistic view. Read more guidelines about using [correlation id](correlation-id.md).
1. Ensure health of the services are **monitored** and provide insights into system's performance and behavior.
1. Ensure **dependent services** are monitored properly. Errors and exceptions in dependent services like Redis cache, Service bus, etc. should be logged and alerted. Also metrics related to dependent services should be captured and logged.

>     - Additionally, failures in **dependent services** should be propoagated up each level of the stack by the healthcheck.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - Additionally, failures in **dependent services** should be propagated up each level of the stack by the health check.
```
